DOCSP-46541: v3.2 release (#161)
mongodb/docs-rust: source/whats-new.txt

Learn about new features, improvements, and fixes introduced in the
following versions of the {+driver-long+}:

* :ref:`Version 3.2 <rust-version-3.2>`
* :ref:`Version 3.1 <rust-version-3.1>`
* :ref:`Version 3.0.1 <rust-version-3.0.1>`
* :ref:`Version 3.0 <rust-version-3.0>`
* :ref:`Version 2.8 <rust-version-2.8>`
* :ref:`Version 2.7 <rust-version-2.7>`
* :ref:`Version 2.6 <rust-version-2.6>`

.. _rust-version-3.2:

What's New in 3.2
-----------------

The {+driver-short+} v3.2 release includes the following features,
improvements, and fixes:

- :red:`Important:` The next minor release will drop support for MongoDB
  Server version 4.0 and raise the minimum supported version to 4.2. We
  recommend making changes to your application to accommodate breaking changes.
  See the :manual:`Release Notes </release-notes/>` section in the Server manual to
  learn more about upgrading.

- Increases the minimum supported Rust version to 1.71.1.

> - In-use encryption feature is stable and has the same backwards
>   compatibility guarantees as the driver. The feature flag is named
>   ``in-use-encryption``. This is a policy change and the API is not
>   changed from the previous release.

Reviewer: S: Took a pass at making this more active, feel free to modify further.

```suggestion
- Marks the in-use encryption feature as stable with the same backwards
  compatibility guarantees as the driver. The feature flag is named
  ``in-use-encryption``. This is a policy change and the API is not
  changed from the previous release.
```

> - Allows SRV hostnames with less than three parts.

Reviewer: Nit: I don't think "less" is incorrect here, but I wanted to float the option of using "fewer" here instead.
